gh-149319: Make `asyncio` REPL respect `-I` and `-E` options (#149405)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2026-05-06-23-13-40.gh-issue-149319.PLM93t.rst

> Made the asyncio REPL omit the execution of ``PYTHONSTARTUP`` and consideration of ``PYTHON_BASIC_REPL`` when ``python -E`` is used. Contributed by Jonathan Dung.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :mod:`asyncio` REPL now ignores :envvar:`PYTHONSTARTUP` and :envvar:`PYTHON_BASIC_REPL` when :option:`-E` or :option:`-I` is used. Patch by Jonathan Dung.
```
